update: ProtonVPN's Stealth protocol is now available on Windows (#2701)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/vpn.md

Proton VPN has their [Stealth](https://protonvpn.com/blog/stealth-vpn-protocol) protocol which *may* help in situations where VPN protocols like OpenVPN or Wireguard are blocked with various rudimentary techniques. Stealth encapsulates the VPN tunnel in TLS session in order to look like more generic internet traffic.

> Unfortunately it does not work very well in countries where sophisticated filters are deployed that analyze all outgoing traffic in an attempt to discover encrypted tunnels. Stealth is available on Android, iOS, Windows, macOS but it's [not yet](https://protonvpn.com/blog/stealth-vpn-protocol) available for Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately it does not work very well in countries where sophisticated filters are deployed that analyze all outgoing traffic in an attempt to discover encrypted tunnels. Stealth is available on Android, iOS, Windows, and macOS but it's not yet available for Linux.
```
This link is already embedded in the previous section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, it does not work very well in countries where sophisticated filters that analyze all outgoing traffic in an attempt to discover encrypted tunnels are deployed. Stealth is available on Android, iOS, Windows, and macOS, but it's not yet available on Linux.
```

```suggestion
Unfortunately, it does not work very well in countries where sophisticated filters that analyze all outgoing traffic in an attempt to discover encrypted tunnels are deployed. Stealth is not yet available on Linux.
```

Reviewer: One of the official Reddit accounts for the Proton team [hinted](https://redlib.privacyredirect.com/r/ProtonVPN/comments/1ele597/proton_vpn_introduces_new_anticensorship_features/lgwo25d/?context=3) that there's _a possibility_ for Stealth support on the Android TV app, so I think the first suggestion suggested by Jonah is slightly more accurate.

(Android TV is also mentioned in the [WireGuard Support](https://www.privacyguides.org/en/vpn/#wireguard-support) section of the Proton VPN recommendation, FWIW.)
